docs: cluster peering docs feedback (#15268)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/cluster-peering/k8s.mdx

    1. Exec into the server pod for the first cluster. 
  
      ```shell-session
      $ kubectl exec -it consul-server-0 --context $CLUSTER1_CONTEXT -- /bin/sh
      ```
  

>     1. If you've enabled ACL xport an ACL token to access the `/health` HTP endpoint for services. The bootstrap token may be used if an ACL token is not already provisioned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. If you've enabled ACLs, export an ACL token to access the `/health` HTP endpoint for services. The bootstrap token may be used if an ACL token is not already provisioned. 
```
